== Citecount

This is a ruby app that takes a delimeted file from Web of Science, that has been 
imported to Excel and has a rake task to import the spreadsheet into a database.  
The goal of this application is to determine how many times Penn State authors publish in 
journal abc and understanding how many times they cite journal xyz.  From this information 
can help determine how valuable some journals are from a perspective of knowing how much we
publish in these journals and how often we cite from these journals in order to publish.

AU - author field of the article
AF - expanded author field looks like 
(author info isn't that important here0

SO - the journal/proceeding the article is published in - how many different SO are being 
published? Be able to see how many times we published in each journal.
 
CR - (cited reference) lists the authors of the journals that are published/cited for this 
particular author and year, journal, doi (basically the public citation for this journal).

NR - field after CR which stands for number of cited references.  If NR is 0 then the CR 
will not exist because there are no cited references.

ER - end record
EF - end of file 

everything else - not used.

What are we citing is the real question here?  Be interesting to see dates as well at some point. Basically the question becomes when publishing in journal _____ we cite _____.

Humanities and Social Sciences aren't as well represented in Web of Science.

Papers that might not have citations: editorial, review, some conference proceedings don't give references.

Author -> Journal (Article, Year) -> Cited (Journal, Year, Author)

Journal
journal name
type (source, cited reference)
author
article
year

Show me number of source journals and count 
       - select count on unique journal name where type is source
Show me the journals we cite
	- select count on unique journal where type is cr 
